all right good morning good afternoon
good evening or good night depending on
where it is in your time zone on the
planet where you happen to be watching
this welcome to the weekly ipfs stocks
and developer UX working group today is
Monday the 28th of January of 2020 and
this is going to be a quite short
meeting this week based on the fact that
our fearless leader Johnny Mathews is a
way sake and it is also for many in the
States a holiday so you can follow along
with the latest with the ipfs toxin
developer UX working group at github.com
slash ipfs slash Doc's that will give
you information on this meeting as well
as our updated priorities for q1 2020
really this is just going to be sort of
a quick summary update and then Eric
thank you for joining us today you want
to hear sort of what's up with you
anything you may wish to discuss but
yeah just as a quick update if you go to
the front page to the review of our repo
github.com / ipfs slash docks you will
see our updated
2020 priorities actually I'll go ahead
and share my screen since there's no
need to look at my face so just as sort
of an update we are all sort of
solidified for q1 of 2020 with our
quarterly goals you can learn a little
bit more here we've updated the readme
as we tends to do once a quarter for a
number of reasons particularly because
the majority of the ipfs team is
focusing around some key technical
improvements that we wish to make that
will be immediately reflected in
functional improvements for users in q1
2020 we have as an IPS team as a whole
determined that we are going to pause
for q1 May
your features development on the
documentation data website however we
are going to double down on trying to
get as much new content and improved
content as possible onto the site and q1
2020 so that we when we return in q2 for
more of the features okay so we will
have already a lot of fantastic
information for folks to read to use
them to contribute to so if you look at
where I've got my screen shared um you
can dig a little bit deeper into this if
you would like we have four key
objectives for q1 of 2020 the first one
we've already done because we've
launched the the Vino Ducks site and
that is currently being searched to you
VIP ifs which is great so basically
basically there's a couple of things
that we want to that we want to work on
in q1 this is under the leadership of
Johnnie Matthews I am more Chen gently'
involved in this project as if q1 I'll
be doing some other ipfs related stuff a
bit dropping in on this meeting every
now and then because I miss all y'all
out there in internet land but basically
basically what we want to do in addition
to resolving any new issues that come up
and you do get that issues created in
the docs repose this quarter we just
want to resolve as many content issues
as possible you can see the
content-based issues right here this is
Ashley so these are platform related I'm
going to drill down to the content ones
there's 32 open content issues available
for grabs the ones that are particularly
actually less than 30 do because if
should be our issue template so ignore
those for us it's actually 28 which is
pretty great the ones that are gonna be
really sort of easily up for grabs will
have Help Wanted tags on them which is
pretty great so I can drill down to that
that leaves you with 25 of them and
you'll also notice that I believe 6 if
these not bounties on them you can click
through to each issue to learn more
about the bounties
and how much the valleys are for each
issue many of those are taken but not
all of them are so if you would like to
grab one please do each one for example
has a little description what we need
and where to put your final deliverable
where that make a PR form of you
so any of you out in internet land who
would like to contribute it should be
reasonably easy that said I don't have a
whole lot of other updates to add this
week the aim of this meeting as time
goes on is likely going to change
somewhat and to just sort of being a
contributor open an hour
sort of an OpenOffice hour and to that
and Eric thank you for joining this I
can go ahead and pause the recording if
you want to talk about the issue that
you're working on but before we stop
there parting is there anything else you
would like to add nope all clear thank
you all right thank you so much for you
may you may be watching this meeting
after the fact we look forward to your
contributions and please don't hesitate
to be in touch with us via the usual
channels we shall see you in this
meeting space same bat-time same
bat-channel
next week how to pause the recording
you